Update README.md (#1061)
pipecat-ai/pipecat: examples/README.md

| [Dialin Chatbot](dialin-chatbot)             | A chatbot that connects to an incoming phone call from Daily or Twilio.                                                                    | Deepgram, ElevenLabs, OpenAI, Daily, Twilio                       |
| [Twilio Chatbot](twilio-chatbot)             | A chatbot that connects to an incoming phone call from Twilio.                                                                             | Deepgram, ElevenLabs, OpenAI, Daily, Twilio                       |
| [studypal](studypal)                         | A chatbot to have a conversation about any article on the web                                                                              |                                                                   |

> | [WebSocket Chatbot Server](websocket-server) | A real-time websocket server that handles audio streaming and bot interactions with speech-to-text and text-to-speech capabilities, Session handling is also included in this example. | `python-websockets`, `openai`, `deepgram`, `silero VAD`, `numpy` |

Reviewer: I don't think the session handling part is needed. That's in other examples but we don't call it out. Also, we should remove the code styling from the services. Also, we should remove Silero VAD because it's used everywhere. This column is more about the services in the pipeline.
```suggestion
| [WebSocket Chatbot Server](websocket-server) | A real-time websocket server that handles audio streaming and bot interactions with speech-to-text and text-to-speech capabilities. | Cartesia, Deepgram, OpenAI, Websockets |
```
